When does Trump's tariffs on Canada go into effect and percentage tariffs is it?

Trump announces 25% tariffs on Canada will take effect at midnight.
Trudeau announced Monday he’s ready to escalate the trade war with President Trump if the US leader moves forward with 25% tariffs on products from the northern nation at midnight.
25% tariffs
Trump told reporters at the White House earlier Monday that 25% tariffs would be slapped on products from Canada...
"Should American tariffs come into effect tonight... respond with 25 per cent tariffs..."
"25 per cent tariffs on Canadian exports and 10 per cent tariffs on Canadian energy."
25 percent tariffs on Mexican and Canadian imports will start Tuesday, Trump says. 
25 percent taxes on imports from Mexico and Canada would start Tuesday, sparking renewed fears of a North American trade war... “Tomorrow — tariffs 25 percent on Canada and 25 percent on Mexico. And that’ll start,” Trump told reporters in the Roosevelt Room.
When does Trump's tariffs on Canada go into effect and percentage tariffs is it?

Trump said Monday that 25 percent taxes on imports from Mexico and Canada would start Tuesday... It’s a sign of the political and economic risks that Trump feels compelled to take, given the possibility of higher inflation and the possible demise of a decades-long trade partnership with Mexico and Canada as the tariffs would go into effect at 12:01 a.m. Tuesday.
 
Trump provided a one-month delay in February as both Mexico and Canada promised concessions. But Trump said Monday that there was “no room left for Mexico or for Canada” to avoid the steep new tariffs, which were also set to tax Canadian energy products such as oil and electricity at a lower 10 percent rate.
Trump said Monday that 25 percent taxes on imports from Mexico would start Tuesday... 
Canada would also be affected.
tomorrow — tariffs 25 percent on Canada and 25 percent on Mexico.
The tariffs on Canada go into effect immediately, with some Canadian energy products being taxed at a 10% rate.

"25 percent tariffs on Mexican and Canadian imports"

"Tuesday"
The tariffs on Canada go into effect at 12:01 am EST on Tuesday, March 4. The tariffs include a 25 per cent tariff on all goods coming in from Canada. 

Canada was originally supposed to face the tariffs on February 4, but it was put on hold after Trump agreed to pause them during a phone call with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum.
The first set of tariffs... on all goods coming in from Canada... is 25 per cent.
These tariffs were originally slated to go into effect at 12:01 am EST on Tues., Feb. 4.
The revised timing does not mention Trump's tariffs specifically but it says "the tariffs" which could refer to his tariffs. The date is when they go into effect: "on Tues., March 4". 

Tariff percentage rate is not mentioned in this snippet.
These tariffs would stack on top of the 25 per cent across-the-board tariff on Canadian goods...
The tariffs on Canadian steel and aluminum imports into the U.S. would total 50 per cent. 

Trump follows through on his threat to impose 25 per cent tariffs...
When does Trump's tariffs on Canada go into effect: April 2.
Percentage tariffs: no (not specified)
The tariffs go into effect "next week" with a 25 per cent tariff on most imports from Canada.
25 per cent tariff on Canadian goods — except energy, which would be levied at 10 per cent.
The tariffs will be stacked on top of the 25 per cent tariff on Canada. They are set to take effect on March 12.
